Update 01_network-nervous-system-nns.card.md (#697)
dfinity/portal: how-it-works/5_governance/01_network-nervous-system-nns.card.md

# Network Nervous System

> The Internet Computer is a *decentralized* system run by many independent machines. These machines have to agree on certain facts, for example on what machines are part of the system, what program they should run, and when this program should be upgraded. On the Internet Computer these decisions are made by an open, tokenized governance system that is called the *Network Nervous System (NNS)*. The NNS is one of the largest decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs). Anyone can become a participant of the NNS and contribute to decisions by staking ICP tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internet Computer is a *decentralized* system run by many independent machines. These machines all have to know certain facts, for example to which subnet they contribute (the topology), which protocol version they should run, and when they should upgrade to a new protocol version. On the Internet Computer these decisions are made by an open, tokenized governance system that is called the *Network Nervous System (NNS)*. The NNS is one of the largest decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs). Anyone can become a participant of the NNS and contribute to decisions by staking ICP tokens.
```

> [Go deeper](https://internetcomputer.org/nns/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Go deeper](/nns/)
```
bitte nicht volle URLs, sonst merkt CI nicht wenn der link nicht mehr funktioniert
